Yo mama so bald you can see whats on her mind
Yo mama so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo mama so bald her hair looks like stitches.
Yo mama so bald she curls her hair with rice.
Yo mama so bald, Mr. Clean got jealous.
Yo mama so bald, that when she put on a sweater, folk thought she was a roll on deoderant!
Yo mama so bald, when she braids her hair, it remind me of stitches.
Yo mama so bald, when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
Yo mama so bald, I could polish her head and take her bowling.
Yo mama so bald, you can play air hockey on her head.
Yo mama so bald, that when I rubbed on her head I could see the future.
Yo mama so bald, we thought the sun was rising when she got up
Yo mama so bald, that when its cloudy out at night you still see a full moon
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a busted condom.
Yo mama so bald, you could draw a line down the middle of her head and it would look like my ass.
Yo mama so bald, I can tell fortunes on her head.
Yo mama's butt is so hairy they have it on a sign at Yellowstone saying "Don't feed the bears"
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to go around the corner to change her mind.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagara falls.
Yo mama's head is so big, it shows up on radar.
Yo mama's head is so big, when she tries to tie her shoes, the bitch flips over.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to step into her shirts.
Yo mama's head is so big, she don't have dreams, she has movies.
Yo mama's head is so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
Yo mama's head is so little, she could wear fruit loops as head rags.
Yo mama's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama's head is so small, she uses a tea bag for a pillow.
Yo mama's hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
Yo mama's legs are so hairy if she had fur coat & a banana they'd stick her back in the zoo.
Yo mama's legs are so white, they'd disintegrate Dracula.
Yo mama's lips are so big, that ChapStick had to invent a spray.
Yo mama's lips are so big, she whispers in her own ear
Yo mama's lips so Big, she got to put her lipstick on with a paint brush
Yo mama's lips are so big, she uses Mop & Glow for lipstick.
Yo mama's lips are so big, when you smile you wet your hair.
Yo mama's lips are so big, when she smiles she gets ChapStick on her ears.
Yo mama's lips are so big, she went to whisper in my ear and she whispered in both my ears at the same time
Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo mama's nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
Yo mama's nose so big that her neck broke from the weight!
Yo mama's teeth are so big she flosses with a blanket
Yo mama's teeth so big when she laughs she stabs herself in the chest
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles!
Yo mama's teeth so yellow that when she looked up at the sun the sun said hey cuz!
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow when she closes her mouth her butt lights up
Yo mama's teeth are so jacked, they look like a toolbox of rusty nails!
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow she spits butter on popcorn! 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow when she went to church the priest said I see light
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow when she stands at a crosswalk the cars slow down
Yo mama's teeth so yellow when she smiled traffic slowed down 
Yo mama's teeth so dirty when she went to reach for her tooth brush and it did the matrix and said "you not picking me"
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow it looks like she brushes her teeth with vanilla wafers
Yo mama's teeth so yellow they worth more than 10 gold bars 
Yo mama's teeth is so yellow when she drink water it turns into lemonade
Yo mama's teeth so big, when I seen her I thought she was Chuckie Cheese
Yo mama's teeth is so yellow that when god said let their be light, she opened her mouth.
Yo mama's teeth so big when she sneezes she pokes a hole throw her stomach
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow I can't beilieve it's butter!
Yo mama's teeth is so bright the Sun needs glasses
Yo mama's teeth so yellow, when she smiled it looked like she was giving out free urine samples.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles she puts the sun out of buisness for good.
Yo mama's pussy smell soo bad yo daddy ran for shore......
Yo mama's ass is so big, she has to use a reservoir for a toilet
Yo mama's ankles are so ashy, it looks like she's wearing socks.
Yo mama's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two.
Yo mama's butt is so big, it looks like 2 pigs fighting over milk duds.
Yo mama's feet are so big and nasty, when she wants jam, she gets someone to run a loaf of bread between her toes.
Yo mama's feet so big, her sneakers need license plates.
Yo mama's ass is so big, its got more crack than Mayor Marion Barry.
Yo mama's ass is so big, she takes up 5 rows of seats in the theater.
Yo mama's ass is so big, she bent over and got arrested for selling crack.
Yo mama's forehead's so big, you could show slides on it.
Yo mama's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Chocolate Milk.
Yo mama's neck is so wrinkled, she can grate cheese on it. 
Yo mama's neck so long when she drank milk it expired before it got to her stomach
Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Yoo Hoo.
Yo mama's butt cheeks are so big, even Moses couldn't part them.
Yo mama's teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo mama's scalp so dirty, her hair started a protest...Hell no we won't grow....Hell No....
Yo mama's legs are like curdled milk, white and chunky
Yo mama's has one toe,and one knee, we call her tony
Yo mama so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo mama so dirty she makes mud look clean.
Yo mama so dirty that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation worries!
Yo mama so dirty that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins.
Yo mama so dirty she's got more clap than an auditorium.
Yo mama so dirty she brings crabs to the beach.
Yo mama so dirty she has more crabs then Red Lobster.
Yo mama so dirty she made Right Guard turn left.
Yo mama so dirty she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo mama so dirty a skunk smelled her ass and passed out.
Yo mama so dirty and smells so bad, she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo mama is so dirty her house became insect AND pesticide-free.
Yo mama so dirty I went to her house and got robbed by a rat, raped by a roach, and sat on a old piece of bread!
Yo mama so dirty the roaches wrote her an eviction notice.
Yo mama so nasty her breath smells like donkey sex.
Yo mama so dirty she brings crabs to the beach 
Yo mama is so dirty her radio plays only one song Chamillionaires "Ridin Dirty"
Yo mama so dirty I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
Yo mama so dirty third world countries eat the cheese from the crack of her ass
Yo mama so dirty that even a car wash can't clean her
Yo mama so dirty, Everytime She Talked, Her Breath Said, "Run N****!"
Yo mama so dirty when she walk down the street poor people offer her soap
Yo mama so dirty when she wash up her water look like chocolate
Yo mama so dirty I asked her where the junk yard was and she said your looking at it
Yo mama so dirty that people use her bath water as a chemical weapon!
Yo mama so dirty She Make Right Guard Turn Left, Secret Tell It All, And Speed Stick Slow Down!
Yo mama so fat her farts started global warming and if she died it would be over.
Yo mama so fat she made a ditch the grand canyon 
Yo mama is so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg. your mom is so fat she ate the rest of the joke
Yo mama's so fat when people are looking for a moonbounce they call her!
Yo mama so fat she got an ocean side house and said her pool was to small.
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking when the triplets are due
Yo mama is so fat she went to space and never floated.
Yo mama is so fat that I had a dream about her and I woke up with a broken neck.
Yo mama so fat she went to the elephant exhibit at the zoo and had a family reunion.
Yo mama is so fat when she walks into a manwhore house all she gets is a cheese sandwich.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the bible Jesus came begging her to set his people free
Yo Mama so fat her idea of eating pork is eating the entire pig. Ya mama so fat she thinks biscuits are like tic tacs
Yo mama is so fat that she makes a whale look like a tic-tac
Yo mama so fat, she went to Syria and farted.... and Barack Obama almost bombed the country for having weapons of mass destruction.
Yo mama so fat that a car can park on her back.
Yo mama so fat, they got to use garden tools to give her a pap smear.
Yo mama so fat Nasa though they found a second moon
Yo mama so fat, it takes 4 rolls of toilet paper and a Bed sheet to wipe her ass!
Yo mama so fat, she used to have a six-pack, but she drank it
Yo mama so fat when she saw herself on the weather channel she said "Wow I never new I was that fat"
Yo mama so fat, she got stering wheel burns on her belly from driving to work everyday..
Yo mama is so fat that when I had sex with her and rolled over 3 times I was still on that b**ch.
Yo mama so fat she hopped in a monster truck and made it a low rider
Yo mama so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her. 
Yo mama was so fat when she left the beach, the people all shouted the coast is cleared
You mama so fat when she tryied out for rhymatic gymnastics she had to hoola hoop in saturns rings. 
Yo mama so fat she can name every Restaurant because there all in her stomach.
Yo mama's ass is so fat when she sits down she's three feet taller
Yo mama so heavy, that when she goes on an elevator, it turns into Hellevator.
Yo mama so fat when she said "I'm jonesen for a milky way, she meant the entire galaxy" 
Yo mama so fat you need a g.p.s to walk around her
Yo mama so fat that she inspired Al Gore to invent the World Wide Web.
Yo mama so fat she has to call 911 anytime she wants to leave the house. 
Yo mama's so fat when she sat on the side walk she got a parking ticket! 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the floor she went to the basement
Yo Mama So Fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up..... 
Yo mama so fat she eats a prize pig for breakfast and a family of whales for a light snack
Yo mama is fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole. 
Yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty. 
Yo mama is so fat when she got into her mini van construction workers had to tape over size load on the back
Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone layer 
Yo mama so fat her shirt size is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXL
Yo mama so fat she walked in the aquariam and the tour guide said "How did this whale get out?" 
Yo mama so fat and thats that. 
Yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt. 
Yo mama so fat that when she put a sparkley dress, she almost brought back disco.
Yo mama so fat for halloween she wore a black plastic bag and when i asked her what she was going as she said night. People used to be able to fall in love, but 
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama so fat, SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES!
Yo mama so fat, when she's thirsty she puts a straw in the ocean.
Yo mum so fat she needs a digital scale to remember her phone number.
Yo mama so fat she makes "Free Willy" look like a goldfish.
Yo mama so fat when they took pictures of Earth it looked like Earth had a pimple.
Yo mama so fat that when she got up from her desk she had to bring it home with her.
Yo mama so fat and large only the sun is jealous of her. 
Yo mama so fat, she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn".
Yo Mama so fat and her teeth are so yellow the only cat calls she gets are "Hey Taxi"
Yo mama so fat and old that her falling caused Pangaea to break apart.
Yo mama is so fat she uses the Great wall of China as a belt.
Yo mama so fat evel knievel called and wanted to jump her ....(with his motorcycle)
Yo Mamas SO Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her your mom so fat when she she turns around its her birthday
Yo mama soo fat she ate the rest of my joke
Yo Mamas so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling.
Yo mummy is so fat, when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself! 
Yo mama so fat that when i moved from china to England, she was still my neighbor.
Yo mama so fat that when she sails, she sails underwater. 
Yo mama so fat when she goes up a flight of stairs she leaves dents in them 
Yo mama so fat and blonde that when the sun retired she was eligible to take its place.
Yo Mama so fat, when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in!
Yo mama so fat her engagement ring was one of Saturn's
Yo mama's so fat that she makes the national debt look small! 
Yo mama so fat her ass got mistaken for Uranus 
Yo mama so fat that when she stand on one end of the Earth the other end lift up
Yo mama so fat, when she sat on a scooter she turned it into a bike.
Yo mama is so fat when she gets hit by a bus she yelled "Who throw that Twinkie at me?"
Yo mama so fat, she fell and hit the Earth, it caused the Ice Age.
Yo mama's so fat, she sued the State of Florida because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale.
Yo mama so fat, she eats soup with the Big Dipper.
Yo mama so fat her idea of eating pork is eating the entire pig. Ya mama so fat she thinks biscuits are like tic tacs
Yo mama so fat when she tryied out for rhymatic gymnastics she had to hoola hoop in saturns rings. 
Yo mama So Fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up..... 
Yo mama so fat and her teeth are so yellow the only cat calls she gets are "Hey Taxi"
Yo mama SO Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her your mom so fat when she she turns around its her birthday
Yo mama so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling.
Yo mama so fat, when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in!
Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo mama so fat she sat on an iPhone and turned it into an iPad
Yo mama so fat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof
Yo mama so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight 
Yo mama so fat that she don't need the internet she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat that when I ran out of gas trying to drive around her. 
Yo mama so fat that she gave draclua diabeties
Yo mama so fat, when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball.
Yo mama so fat shes on both sides of the family
Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake
Yo mama so fat, I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!"
Yo mama So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a dollar bill she squeezed a booger out of George Washingtons nose
Yo mama so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet
Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds tripped over Burger King and landed on Wendy's!
Yo mama so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up.
Yo mama so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she's in.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number" 
Yo mama so greasy and fat she uses bacon as a bandaid
Yo mama so fat she ate a whole Pizza....Hut.
Yo mama so fat I use her as a queen size matress and she doesn't even know it
Yo mama so fat Burger King hired her because she eats cows and shits hamburgers.
Yo mama so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her
Yo mama so fat, that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat, she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle."
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a blue dress everybody thought that the "sky was fallin"
Yo mama so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear. 
Yo mama so fat her job with Hostess is why they went out of business
Yo mama so fat when she sat on my iPad she made a flat screen tv!
Yo mama so fat she just had a baby and said it was delicious
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Nutella.
Yo mama so fat she went to a restaurant and got the group discount
Yo mama so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died.
Yo mama so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache.
Yo mama so fat that when someone called her fat, she ate him
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
Yo mama so fat sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is rising 
Yo mama is so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices
Yo mama so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water
Yo mama so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures
Yo mama is so fat, it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side.
Yo mama so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave.
Yo mama so fat, she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant.
Yo mama so fat, she masterbates to the food channel
Yo mama so fat the government shut her down along with the rest of the national parks.
Yo mama so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat, she had a nice personality, but ate it. 
Yo mama so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies"
Yo mama so fat, she curves space and time.
Yo mama so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard.
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo mama so fat then when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides
Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse.
Yo mama so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo mama so fat I told her to haul ass & she hadda make two trips.
Yo mama so fat when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Yo mama so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo mama is so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement
Yo mama so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo mama so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo mama so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow!
Yo mama so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama's so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs!
Yo mama so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo mama so fat were in her right now
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo mama so fat they got to use garden tools to give her a pap smear.
Yo mama so fat it takes 4 rolls of toilet paper and a Bed sheet to wipe her ass!
Yo mama so fat she used to have a six-pack, but she drank it
Yo mama so fat she got stering wheel burns on her belly from driving to work everyday..
Yo mama so fat that when I had sex with her and rolled over 3 times I was still on that b**ch.
Yo mama so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her.
Yo mama so fat when she left the beach, the people all shouted the coast is cleared
Yo mama so fat when she tryied out for rhymatic gymnastics she had to hoola hoop in saturns rings.
Yo mama so fat when she said "I'm jonesen for a milky way, she meant the entire galaxy.
Yo mama so fat she has to call 911 anytime she wants to leave the house.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the side walk she got a parking ticket.
Yo mama so fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up.....
Yo mama so fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole.
Yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty.
Yo mama so fat when she got into her mini van construction workers had to tape over size load on the back
Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone laye.
Yo mama so fat she walked in the aquariam and the tour guide said "How did this whale get out?.
Yo mama so fat and thats that.
Yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt.
Yo mama so fat for halloween she wore a black plastic bag and when i asked her what she was going as she said night. People used to be able to fall in love, bu.
Yo mama so fat SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES!
Yo mama so fat when she's thirsty she puts a straw in the ocean.
Yo mama so fat she needs a digital scale to remember her phone number.
Yo mama so fat and large only the sun is jealous of her.
Yo mama so fat she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn".
Yo mama so fat she uses the Great wall of China as a belt.
Yo mama so Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her your mama so fat when she she turns around its her birthday
Yo mama so fat she ate the rest of my joke
Yo mama so fat when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself.
Yo mama so fat that when she sails, she sails underwater.
Yo mama so fat when she goes up a flight of stairs she leaves dents in the.
Yo mama so fat when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in!
Yo mama so fat that she makes the national debt look small.
Yo mama so fat her ass got mistaken for Uranu.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a scooter she turned it into a bike.
Yo mama so fat when she gets hit by a bus she yelled "Who throw that Twinkie at me?"
Yo mama so fat she fell and hit the Earth, it caused the Ice Age.
Yo mama so fat she sued the State of Florida because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale.
Yo mama so fat she eats soup with the Big Dipper.
Yo mama so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weigh.
Yo mama so fat that when I ran out of gas trying to drive around her.
Yo mama so fat when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball.
Yo mama so fat everytime she walks she does the harlem shake
Yo mama so fat I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!"
Yo mama so fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number.
Yo mama so fat that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle."
Yo mama so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear.
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is risin.
Yo mama so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices
Yo mama so fat it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side.
Yo mama so fat everytime she starts singing people leave.
Yo mama so fat she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant.
Yo mama so fat she masterbates to the food channel
Yo mama so fat she had a nice personality, but ate it.
Yo mama so fat she curves space and time.
Yo mama so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement
Yo mama so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs!
Yo mama so fat she jump into the sea and the sea jump out
Yo mama so fat she wears neck deorderant
Yo mama so fat she has pork rind incense burning in her house
Yo mama so fat when she sits on the beach she makes sandpaper
Yo mama so fat she wears a sock on each toe
Yo mama so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito)
Yo mama so fat she got a bath from the cooking channel
Yo mama so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Yo mama so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for then new world
Yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
Yo mama so fat she straps an iPad on her arm before every run
Yo mama so fat the army stole her underwear to use as parachutes
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo mama so fat her shits are as long as king kongs finger
Yo mama so fat if she was bricks she'd be a housing project.
Yo mama so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo mama is so fat that she can't fit in this joke.
Yo mama so fat she puts insurance on her food
Yo mama so fat she can hear bacon cooking in Canada your mama so fat she aint got cellulite she got celluheavy Some people trade tit for tat.
Yo mama so fat she traded fit for fat
Yo mama so fat if she was a dinosaur, her name would be Jell-Osaurus Rex.
Yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo mama so fat NASA thought she caused a solar eclipse
Yo mama so fat I could travel halfway across the world and still see her shadow
Yo mama so fat her cereal bowl comes with a life guard.
Yo mama so fat her patronus is a cake.
Yo mama so fat she has to wear her pants backwards, because her front butt is bigge.
Yo mama so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D
Yo mama so fat the national weather service gives a name to each one of her farts.
Yo mama so fat she needs a steamroller to iron her clothes. your mama so fat when the judge said "Order in the Court!" she said "Pie and chips please!"
Yo mama so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pocket.
Yo mama so fat she was born in space and from then on she was know as Pluto (until they discoverd she wasnt a planet!)
Yo mama so fat she shits lard
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Yo mama so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn"
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said ouch.
Yo mama so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo mama so fat the only way she burns calories is when her food catches on fire
Yo mama so fat she entered the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them
Yo mama so fat she's the reason African kids are starving your mama so fat that when I tried to take a picture off her, I had to get a mile away.
Yo mama so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please"
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mama so fat when I stabbed her in the stomach the whole McDonalds value meal came out of her
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo mama so fat she blew out both her tires on her roller skates
Yo mama so lazy AND fat, she ate all the lunch meat, and didn't bother to pack yo lunch.
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock.
Yo mama so fat when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island."
Yo mama so fat she don't skinny dip she chunky dunks
Yo mama so fat.
Yo father no longer finds her attractive and its destroying their marriage.
Yo mama so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs!
Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo mama so fat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way
Yo mama so fat she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook
Yo mama so fat that when she sits on the toilet it starts saying a,b,c,d,e,f,g,get your fat ass off of me
Yo mama so fat the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale
Yo mama so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her.
Yo mama so fat she stuffed a turkey with her fat.
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New
York, L.A., Chicago...
Yo mama so fat she downloads cheat codes for wii fit.
Yo mama so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo mama so fat she has a KFC bucket in her hands at all times
Yo mama so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky.
Yo mama so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina.
Yo mama so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo mama so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose.
Yo mama so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar!
Yo mother is so fat its illegal for her to skydive because the world only needs one grand canyon.
Yo mama so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit
Yo mama so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out
Yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from going to work in the morning is the front door
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
Yo mama so fat when she bunje jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama so fat she masturbates to cook books
Yo mama so fat she went to Hollister and the manager told her to leave cause none of the clothes could fit her.
Yo mama so fat when she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator your mama so fat that when she went skydiving people thought she was a hot air balloon.
Yo mama so fat when her belly button doesn’t have lint, it has sweaters
Yo mama so fat when she died and went to heaven Jesus said there was no room so then she went to hell and the devil said HELL NO.
Yo mama so fat when she farted in the Gulf of Mexico it caused Hurricane Katrina
Yo mama so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!!
Yo mama so fat she goes to KFC and licks other peoples fingers
Yo mama so fat she's got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book!
Yo mama so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views!
Yo mama so fat even Kirby can't eat her.
Yo mama so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama so fat she has front, side, and back boobs
Yo mama so fat she doesn't have corn rows she has crop circles
Yo mama so fat she's the reason buffets installed speed bumps
Yo mama so fat a vampire bit her and got Type 2 diabetes.
Yo mama so fat if she had a porn name it would be Krispy Kreme.
Yo mama so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand!
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber
Yo mama so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights!
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo mama so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans!
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!"
Yo mama so fat she has to get out of the car to change the radio station
Yo mama so fat when she get hurt we take her to the hospital in a pick up truc.
Yo mama so fat it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her
Yo mama so fat her shadow weighs 35 pounds
Yo mama so fat she's like my ex-girlfriend... I can't get within 100 yards of her
Yo mama so fat up on Uranus their saying X marks the spot
Yo mama so fat but I screwed her ne way
Yo mama so fat she grinded her roller skates fla.
Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her on christmas and it still printing
Yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave she landed on 12th
Yo mama so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving! your mama so fat I tried to hang a picture of her on my wall, and my wall fellover.
Yo mama so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please
Yo mama so fat that when she was born the doctors had to give her a pregnancy test!
Yo mama so fat when she masterbates it looks like a 3-way
Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY!
Yo mama so fat the police man said lady please move that exercising ball.
Yo mama so fat she shops at the Gap and now its the Filled
Yo mama so fat the back of her head looks like hot dogs
Yo mama so fat shes like the ocean....Big...Wide...and filed with Cubans!
Yo mama so fat she has soft elbows
Yo mama so fat instead of an STD she gave me cholestorol
Yo mama so fat she made Jabba the Hut go dayyyyummmm.
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck!
Yo mama so fat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Yo mama so fat she's like an SUV "Big Black and room for 6 construction workers inside"
Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby
Yo mama so fat she gotta eating disorder. She eat dis order, & that order, & everybody else's order too
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it. 
Yo mama is so fat all I hear when she walks by is heffty heffty heffty
Yo mama so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping
Yo mama so huge, she looked at the Empire State Building, and said, "Hey look! A Barbie Dream House!"
Yo mama so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo mama so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo mama so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama so fat she influences the tides.
Yo mama so fat when she made a club penguin account, SHE TIPPED THE ICE-BERG!!!
Yo mama so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat she hasn't seen her waistline since 85
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonaisse on her diet pills
Yo mama so fat that when she crossed the street every body thaught that she was a roundabout
Yo mama so fat she step on a lego and broke it!
Yo mama so fat when she walked out in August in her yellow sun dress and the kids said mamamy its time for school.
Yo mama so fat her favorite word is Gravy cuz she puts that shit on everything.
Yo mama so fat when she wears Nike's they say Nickeloden
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people yell "Taxi!!"
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonasise on asprin
Yo mama so fat she bathes with Shamu at Sea World
Yo mama so fat she was talking on her telephone and it got lost in her ear.
Yo mama so fat she has to pull her pants down to get into her pockets
Yo mama so fat she went cow tipping and got pushed over
Yo mama so fat that in the summer, she sells her own shade.
Yo mama so fat her fingers are too fat for the iPad.
Yo mama so fat her address is McDonalds
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks she's in shape, because circle is a shape.
Yo mama so fat she had a twin, but she ate her.
Yo mama so fat she went bungee jumping and broke the bridge
Yo mama so fat the only time she lifts weights is when she gets out of bed
Yo mama so fat the only letters in the alphabet she knows is KFC
Yo mama so fat shes on the seafood diet, she sees food and she eats it
Yo mama so fat it took her four weeks to die from lethal injection
Yo mama so fat her nipples touch on her back
Yo mama so fat she's a middleweight prostitute
Yo mama so fat she pulls her pants down and her ass is still in them.
Yo mama so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped off a bridge she baptised the whole of the world.
Yo mama so fat not even Jesus could lift her spirits
Yo mama so fat she needs a lattitude and longitude number to find her own asshole
Yo mama so fat they had to put her back pockets in front
Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon
Yo mama so fat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring
Yo mama so fat she has shocks on her toilet
Yo mama so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo mama so fat when she lays on the bed she falls from all sides.
Yo mama so fat a hyperbole coulden't exagerate her weight
Yo mama so fat your daddy had to hire an engineer to reinforce their bed
Yo mama so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her
Yo mama so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo mama so fat that when she died even god couldn't lift her spirit.
Yo mama so fat when she climbed the full moon it cracked in half your mama so fat she made the sumo wrestlers look anorexic.
Yo, mama so fat when she weres a shirt with pictures on it they become 3-D
Yo mama so fat she stepped on the scale and it said my phone number.
Yo mama so fat the police stoped her and told her to stop selling crack
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to KFC she says, "can i get the bucket on the roof?"
Yo mama so fat she walked in front of the tv and i missed the hole titanic movie
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a dollar and got cents
Yo mama so fat after Hostess went bankrupt all she does is chase school buses
Yo mama so fat when she gets a cut she bleeds milkshake
Yo mama so fat she puts on a black bathing suit, gets in the ocean, and everyone screams "Oil Spill."
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale her phone number showed up!
Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody!
Yo mama so fat She Use A Flat Bed Truck As A Bed
Yo mama so fat the only way she'll lose weight is if she loses a leg to diabetes
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks "Real women have curves and diabetes"
Yo mama so fat the only liquor she knows is liquorice
Yo mama so fat she has more rolls than a bakery!
Yo mama so fat when she went to the zoo she got put in with hippos
Yo mama so fat her nearest toilet is EVERYWHERE!
Yo mama so fatwhen she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!".
Yo mama so fat she jumped into the ocean and made the whales sing "we are family, even though you are fatter than me."
Yo mama so fat she went in a bed store, and ask for a waterbed, the owner put a blanet over the Pacific Ocean
Yo mama so fat she thought that she was having a stomach ache when she was really going into labor
Yo mama so fat she was sued for eating people, so she ate the prosecutor
Yo mama so fat she uses mayonnaise for toothpaste, and Coca-Cola for mouthwash
Yo mama so fat that when she runs every one shouts EARTHQUAKE.
Yo mama so fat she got arrested for selling crack
Yo mama so ugly that when she was born her mother said to her husband DAMN I should have just gave you head
Yo mama so fat her picture heav.
Yo mama so fat that when you poke her with a fork she bleeds chocolate mil.
Yo mama so fat she has to eat with a fork lift driver
Yo mama so fat she gotta do the matix just to get of her car
Yo mum so fat when she walk around people say there go the neighborhood!
Yo mama so fat she cant take pictures, she have to take billboards!
Yo mama so fat she uses a flat bed truck as a bed.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the toilet it sang abcdefg get your fat butt off of me.
Yo mama so fat she look like a obese teddy graham that should be haven a million bras two in the front of her neck,two in the back of her neck, ten on her back, eleven on her stomach, six on each arm and leg and theigh, and one wrapped around each toe,and a tripple d cup size bra to hold up her virgina!
Yo mum so fat that I walked around her twice and got lost!
Yo mama so fat she jumped off the Grand Canyon and got stuck
Yo mama so fat that when God sent her to heaven she fell down to hell.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean a tsunami wiped out half of Japan.
Yo mama so fat she can play pool with the planets.
Yo mama so fat that she donates her fat rolls to the bakery.
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a yellow bus she said "there goes my twinkie"
Yo mama so fat when she went to the zoo she got put in with the hippos.
Yo mama so fat she play hopscotch like this Washington, Texas, Florida, Mexico.
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale the doctor looked at the number and said "That's my phone number."
Yo mama so fat that she has a gravitational pull
Yo mama's so fat that she called a group of scientists to calculate the amount of chins she has.
Yo mama so fat when she got shot in the leg the doctors couldn't find the bullet
Yo mama so fat a Blind Dude pointed at her and said “That Bitch is FAT”
Yo mama so fat that her car is made out of spandex.
Yo mama so fat that u have to take 2 airplanes and bus to get on her good side.
Yo mama so fat her stretch marks got stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat she wears the eqautor for a belt just to hold up her pants.
Yo mama so fat she uses Jupiter as a basketbal.
Yo mama so fat she thought the first 3 letters of the alphabet was KFC
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the childern come running to the bus stop.
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in.
Yo mama so fat that the government could use her jelly-rolls to stop world hunger.
Yo mama so fat she fell off the bed and went straight to hell
Yo mama so fat that even god couldn't raise her spirit
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in the grand canyon
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat that when people want to clean the tunnels they tie ropes around her shoulders and pull her through them
Yo mama so fat she wears a vcr as a beeper
Yo mama so fat she had to take a specially made taxi the size of the united states.
Yo mama so fat when she hop she goes from Europe to asia to africa to anartica
Yo mama so fat she brought a spoon to the Superbowl. To mama so fat she got her own area cod.
Yo mama so fat she went to disneyland and was offered a group discount.
Yo mama so father car has stretch marks.
Yo mum is so fat when sat on the rocket the rocket couldn't lift off
Yo mama so fat they used Google Earth for her school photo.
Yo mama so fat when she was watching the food network & turned over she missed 2 episodes.
Yo mama so fat she broke up Pangea.
Yo mama so fat she has to get pulled by a trailer to get home
Yo mama so fat she fills up tha bathtub then she turns on the water.
Yo mama so fat that when she farts, the richter scale says 9.0!
Yo mama so fat the shadow of her butt weighs fifty pounds.
Yo mama so fat she sat in the middle of the road and got mistakened for a roundabout.
Yo mama so fat she has double wide swinging restuarant doors in her house.
Yo mama so fat she wore a pink and yellow spotted dress and a girl thought she was Mr blobby
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!!
Yo mama so fat she is in love with the great wall of china
Yo mama so fat her strech marks spell out "big bitch"
Yo mama so fat when she walk up a street pepole thought the sun was coming.
Yo mama so fat that that when she was walking home she tripped over Wal-mart and landed on Target.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on the toilet she said ooh this ain't comfortable. Because she was sitting on a broken chair!
Yo mama so fat I wasted all my gas driving around her!!
Yo mama so fat when she walks across the isle at the theatre everybody misses the movie
Yo mama so fat she made the movie "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mama so fat that her belt size is the equator.
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in an armless chair.
Yo mama so fat to keep her cold at night she doesnt use a fan she uses a helicopter
Yo mama so fat she sat on 2 Sumo wrestlers and got arrested for double homicide
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Rocky Road
Yo mama so fat a truck hit her and she asked who pelt that stone!
Yo mama so fat she has a shape of a pepsi not the bottle THE CAN!
Yo mama so fat her butt cheecks look two pigs fiting over a milk dud
Yo mama so fat that when your school bus passed by she ran after it trying to catch that twinkie
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a bus and was like "who be thowin rocks at me"...
Yo mama so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said to be continued
Yo mama so fat every time she walked in JCPennys they said its all inside
Yo mama so fat that when she travelled to a different country they said "Oh look there's an American".
Yo mama so fat she hopped over walmart, tripped over kmart, rolled over sears and landed on target.
Yo mama so fat the bath tub sits in her!
Yo mama so fat that when she farted she started global warming your mama so fat she has pictures of food in her walle.
Yo mama so fat when she went to "In 'n' Out" she couldn't get in or out
Yo Mamma's so fat, When God Said Let There Bel Light, He Asked Her To Move Out Of The Way.
Yo mama so fat everytime she TRIES to masterbate she can only find her belly button
Yo mama so fat that Cristopher Colombus claimed her for the new world.
Yo mama so fat the rent money was stuck in her belly button for a month and ya'll got evicted cuz she could'nt find it
Yo mama so fat she lost a face cloth and a bar of soap in the crack of her ass trying to take a shower
Yo mama so fat that if you tried to kick her butt you might never get your foot back
Yo mama so fat When She Bungie Jumps..She Goes Straight 2 Hell
Yo mama so fat she use a county issued trash can for a girdle.
Yo mama so fat if she go skydiving up in the Northeast there'd be 6 Great lakes.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the ocean she said "Beat that Moses."
Yo mama so fat that when she leaned on the "Empire State Building", it tipped
Yo mama so fat she rolls up the stairs!
Yo mama so fat she put a blanket over the ocean and called it a water bed
Yo mama so fat dat she left out da house wit heels on and came home wit flats on.
Yo mama so fat when she got in her car she says "Dam kids, they popped my tires"
Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scale Buzzlightear popped out and said to infinity and beyond
Yo mama so fat she went to da zoo and da elephants was jealou.
Yo mama so fat that when she walks around the house she walks "around" the house
Yo mama so fat when shes in her car and she sticks out her hand, the car will turn.
Yo mama so fat that when she walked pass the t.v. you missed a maratho.
Yo mama so fat that when she laughs she fart.
Yo mama so fat her streachmarks got streachmarks.
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a red shirt, people said hey look koolaid!
Yo mama so fat she uses a paint-roller to put on lipstick.
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v.you missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat.. when she tried to take a bath the water jumped out and said "Nah brah, I'll wait."
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in!
Yo mama so fat that when she goes out to eat she looks at the menu and says okay
Yo mama so fat when she gave birth to you it took them 7 days to find you !
Yo mama so fat the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie in the street.
Yo mama, so fat 500 people cant pick her up, not even a fork lift
Yo mama, so fat that everytime she takes a step the Earth's orbit changes
Yo mama so fat when she goes to the beach people ask her is she wearing bottoms!
Yo mama so fat They Used Her For The New Years Ball Drop
Yo mama so fat she has stretch marks on her toenails
Yo mama so fat einstien based the black hole theory on her Ass hole
Yo mama so fat when she fell off the roof people thought it was santa claus!
Yo mama so big, she went to the airport and asked for a ticket. And they gave her clearance to take off!
Yo mama so fat she needs a GPS to find her ass hol.
Yo mama so fat her belly button gets home 15 mins before she does
Yo mama so fat she ate herself alive
Yo mama so fat she hoola-hooped the Superbowl
Yo mama so fat Borden's called her and asked for their cottage cheese back.
Yo mama so fat she was laying on the side of the beach and a kid walked by and said "WOAH BEACHED WHALE.
Yo mama so fat when I kicked her in the stomach porkchops came out of her as.
Yo mama so fat when she walks on the road her butts clap
Yo mama so fat when she came up missing they couldnt fit her face on the milk carton so they branded it on the side of the cow.
Yo mama so fat she broke her own branch on the family tree.
Yo mama so fat she created a black hole because she has attained infinite mass.
Yo mama so fat that when I thought I heard music from her cellphone in her pocket she instead pulled out and ice cream truck.
Yo mama so fat her double chin is bigger then your ass your mama so fat she has smaller fat women orbiting around he.
Yo mama so big dora can't explore he.
Yo mama so fat you can stand on top of her and Hi-5 jesus.
Yo mama so fat her blood is doughnut jell.
Yo mama so fat she play hop scotch like pennsylvania, new york, maine, massachussets
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking her when her baby is du.
Yo mama so fat she jumped in the swiming pool and said "Where did all the water go"
Yo mama so Fat when she got on the scale it said lose some weight bitc.
Yo mama so fat when she got on the bus the bus driver asked how'd she got on the bus
Yo mama so fat when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuu.
Yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from Jenney Craig is the door!
Yo mama so fat she has her own orbi.
Yo mama so fat she sneeze bacon grease
Yo mama so fat she sat on the bus seat an the bus tilted ove.
Yo mama so fat when she had surgery it took hours for the doctors to get to the flesh your mama so fat when she ordered a water bed they put a blanket over the Mississippi River
Yo mama so fat that at her wedding the ring bearer was Saturn.
Yo mama so fat that she rolls up her matress to use it as a tampon! Ya mummas so fat she has to put her boobs in the back seat to driv.
Yo mama so fat every time she rolls out of bed she finds six naked men attached to her ass.
Yo mama so fat that two guys could be having sex with her at once and they still would never meet.
Yo mama so fat when she fell down I tried not to laugh, but the ground was cracking up.
Yo mama so fat she sweat bacon bit.
Yo mama so fat scientists thought Jupiter was her brother.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped into the alantic ocean she brought back titani.
Yo mama so fat when she goes on vacation, everyone gotta put sun block on
Yo mama so fat that when God said "Let there be light." he had to ask her to move out of the way first.
Yo mama so fat that her myspace has no space.
Yo mama so fat the only thing stoping her on the way to mcdonalds is the door
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction
Yo mama so fat she broke the 64 block limit on Minecraft.
Yo mama so fat during pregnancy she went to the hospital in a tow truck.
Yo mama so fat She Was Wearing An All Blue Shirt And Hawaiians Said, "Oh Shit Tsunami."
Yo mama so fat when she traveled to outer space people thought she was the moon
Yo mama so fat when I tickeled her, she didnt feel it!
Yo mama so fat she uses the highway as a slip and slide
Yo mama so fat she said she would get me a snack walked in front of the tv and I missed the superbowl
Yo mama so fat and poor that when her kids said "i want trampoline for Christmas" she said you don't need one!
Yo mama so fat when she turned around she knocked Mars out of orbit
Yo mama so fat her blood type is rocky-road!
Yo mama so fat her nose and her butt are in different time zones.
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away.
Yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven
Yo mama so fat when she was in Call of Duty she got killed and the person that killed her got a five person kill streak.
Yo mama so fat she makes fat people look skinny
Yo mama so fat that she thinks the ocean is like jumping in a puddle
Yo mama so fat that when we die we can't go to heaven or hell because it's all ful.
Yo mama so fat instead of swimming with the dolphins she goes out to the ocean and and swims with the whale.
Yo mama so fat when she sat down she caused an eathquake on the OTHER side of the WORLD.
Yo mama so fat that her back rolls cried justin timberlake a river.
Yo mama so fat that when she entered the fat racing contest she came in first second and thir.
Yo mama so fat she has her own energy sourc.
Yo mama so fat that when she was wearing a hollister shirt, a helicopter landed on the .
Yo mama so fat that when she hears the doorbell she runs to the microwave singing 'HOT POCKETS'!!.
Yo mama so fat she couldn't have sex with king kon.
Yo mama so fat that when its time to take the subway no one else can come on!
Yo mama so fat when she sat in the tub it sang bubble bubble abc get your big a$$ out of me.
Yo mama so fat when shes mad she turns into a tomat.
Yo mama so fat when she went to the movies, everyone asked "Can this screen be any bigger.
Yo mama so fat when she was in outer space she had more gravitational pull than all the planets combined..... YO mama so fat that the goverment thought that she was RUSSIA.
Yo mama so fat when she pulls her panties down to her knees she still has pu**y in them.
Yo mama so fat she asked Jenny Craig how many Weight Watchers points Self-Esteem was wort.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean it became the Pacific desert
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a tree it made paper.
Yo mama so fat the equator is smaller then her waist line.
Yo mama so fat every time she goes grocery shopping workers yell "Deliverys here.
Yo mama so fat she has bacon-bits in her blood
Yo mama so fat that when she went to Walmart she couldn't get in OR out!
Yo mama so fat she has the weight loss commercial for a ringtone
Yo mama so fat when she farts they have to put it on the weather channel.
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and they used her as a replica of the war of 1812
Yo mama so fat when she gets out of the shower, her legs are still dry!!
Yo mama so fat NASA qualified her as a planet
Yo mama so fat when she sits on an active volcano she makes a whole beach
Yo mama so fat she went to take her blood test and the machine said "Life at STEAK".
Yo mama so fat She ate popcorn out of the whole theater.
Yo mama so fat half of her ass was in a parallel universe
Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her.
Yo mama so fat and old she sat on a toy airplane and invented the jet
Yo mama so fat she tried out for the movie Indiana Jones movie and got the part as the rolling boulder
Yo mama so fat that when she dies, they will need to make a whole new cemetary!
Yo mama so fat she made a ditch the grand canyo.
Yo mama so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg. your mama is so fat she ate the rest of the joke
Yo mama so fat when people are looking for a moonbounce they call her!
Yo mama so fat she went to space and never floated.
Yo mama so fat that I had a dream about her and I woke up with a broken neck.
Yo mama so fat when she walks into a manwhore house all she gets is a cheese sandwich.
Yo mama so fat that she makes a whale look like a tic-tac
Yo mama so fat she went to Syria and farted.... and Barack Obama almost bombed the country for having weapons of mass destruction.
Yo mama so old I told her to act her own age, and she died.
Yo mama so old her social security number is 1!
Yo mama so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo mama so old she took her drivers test on a dinosaur.
Yo mama so old Jurassic Park brought back memories.
Yo mama so old she used to babysit Yoda.
Yo mama so old she doesn't have a camel toe she has a chicken gizard
Yo mama so old her memory is in black and white
Yo mama so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo mama so old she sued Google for naming there search engine after her age.
Yo mama so old she farts dust
Yo mama so old her birth-certificate expired.
Yo mama so old she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
Yo mama so old she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
Yo mama so old that she knew Gandalf before he had a beard
Yo mama so old she planted the first tree at Central Park.
Yo mama so old they moved her out of the retirement home and in to the museum.
Yo mama so old she got slapped by Eve for blowing Adam.
Yo mama so old her first Christmas was the first Christmas!
Yo mama so old the back of her head looks like a raisin.
Yo mama so old she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
Yo mama so old she has to see a DINOcologist.
Yo mama so old she has an autographed bible.
Yo mama so old when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
Yo mama so old she knew Cap'n Crunch while he was still a private.
Yo mama so old her birth certificate says expired on it.
Yo mama so old that her birth certificate says doctor "Jesus"
Yo mama so old she has to oil all her joints. your mama so old she was a crossing guard for when Moses parted the red sea
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama so old when she was a child, rainbows were in black and white
Yo mama so old her first pet was a T-Rex
Yo mama so old she went to an antique store they wouldn't let her leave.
Yo mama so old she looks like my scrotum sack...
Yo mama so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo mama so old she shits out fossils
Yo mama so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo mama so old she's got hieroglyphics on her driver's license.
Yo mama so old she sat next to Ben Franklin in kindergarden
Yo mama so old the key on Ben Franklin's kite was to her apartment.
Yo mama so old she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Yo mama so old her memory is in black and white.
Yo mama so old I told her to act her age and the bitch died.
Yo mama so old she drove a chariot to high school.
Yo mama so old she baby-sat for Jesus.
Yo mama so old when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama so old when she reads the bible she reminisces.
Yo mama so oldwhen Jesus said let there be light, she turned on the switch.
Yo mama so old her butt crack sealed.
Yo mama so old she was best friends with Jesus.
Yo mama so old she got her bible signed by jesus
Yo mama so old when she breast feeds it comes out like powder.
Yo mama so old that she gangbanged with the hebrews.
Yo mama so old I slapped her in the back and her tits fell off
Yo mama so old her birth certificate said EXPIRED.
Yo mama so old she helped name the planets.
Yo mama so old her butt crack sealed..
Yo mama so old that she dated George Washington in high school.
Yo mama so old she dated Marco Polo.
Yo mama so old she owes Jesus 5 dollars
Yo mama so old when you talk about dinosaurs she has flashbacks
Yo mama so old when moses parted the red sea she was on the other side fishing
Yo mama so old she farts dust and shits rust
Yo mama so old she got to see passion of the christ live!
Yo mama so old she sat next to jesus in the 1st grade
Yo mama so ugly people from New Orleans are giving her money.
Yo mama so ugly I told her to take out the trash and she moved out of my house
Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so ugly just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Yo Mama so ugly even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras
Yo mama so ugly when she looked in the mirror and said, "Bloody Mary three times."Bloody Mary put up sign said out of business"
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason why Sonic the Hedgehog runs
Yo mama so ugly One Direction went the other way!
Yo mama so ugly her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Yo mama so ugly when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama so ugly when there was a fire, the fireman carried her out, looked at her, and put her back in.
Yo mama so fat and ugly she made "One Direction" change their name to "Opposite Direction".
Yo mama so ugly even Ripley wont believe it
Yo mama so ugly she got a cease and decist letter from Sear's photography.
Yo mama so ugly when she lookes in the mirror Micheal Jackson sings beat it.
Yo mama so ugly that santa said ho ho holy shit
Yo mama so ugly must have been born on a highway because that is where most accidents happen.
Yo mama so ugly her bodywash is CLR: Calcium, Lime, and Rust
Yo mama so ugly she scared the shit out of the toilet
Yo mama so ugly Bob the Builder took one look at her and said "We can't fix that!"
Yo mama so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo mama so ugly the local peeping-tom knocked on her door, and asked her to shut her blinds
Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.
Yo mama so ugly she looks like a homeless Lorena Bobbit.
Yo mama so ugly they're thinking about moving Halloween to her birthday
Yo mama so ugly slenderman ran away from her.
Yo mama so ugly her parents had to tie a pork chop on her neck so the dog would play with her.
Yo mama so ugly when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours. . .for a quote!
Yo mama so ugly she tried to take a bath the water jumped out!
Yo mama so ugly bullets refuse to kill her
Yo mama so ugly when she looks in the mirror her reflection ducks
Yo mama so ugly she looks out the window and gets arrested!
Yo mama so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama so ugly she looks like she's been bobbing for apples in hot grease
Yo mama so ugly when I took her to the zoo, they said thanks for bringing her back
Yo mama so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone!
Yo Mama so ugly when she puts makeup on she is even uglier!
Yo mama so ugly she made dirt look like a super model
Yo mama so ugly when one direction was heading torwards her they went the other way
Yo mama so ugly they feed her with a frisbee
Yo mama so ugly she got a prescription mirror
Yo mama so ugly when she goes into a strip joint, they pay her to keep her cloths on
Yo mama so ugly when she was born the doctor slapped everybody
Yo mama so ugly that when her time was up the angel of death took her soul instead.
Yo mama so ugly she went into a haunted house and walked out with an application
Yo mama so ugly pictures of her have the disclaimer "Viewer descresion is advised"
Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning
Yo mama so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama so ugly that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo mama so ugly her reflection gives her the finger
Yo mama so ugly she has the booty of a stripper and the face of a trucker
Yo mama so ugly she went to a haunted house, when she came out the other side, they gave her an application
Yo mama so ugly she scares the roaches away.
Yo mama so ugly they cut Godzilla so she could make a movie
Yo mama so ugly Handy Manny wouldn't introduce her to Mr. Lopart
Yo mama so ugly her face should be regestired as a lethal weapon.
Yo mama so ugly that if I had a dog that looked like her I would shave its ass and teach it to walkbackwards
Yo mama so ugly ,she had to put a pair of balls under her chin just to get a dog to lick her!
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bank they had to turn the surveillance cameras off
Yo mama so ugly she can't buy mirrors unless there is a bag over her head.
Yo mama so ugly she entered an ugly contest and they said sorry no professionals.
Yo mama so ugly she's only allowed to go out on October 31st.
Yo mama so ugly if ugliness was a brick she'll be the GREAT WALL OF CHINA
Yo mama so ugly that handy Mandy said "We can't fix it...lets leave...muy rapido"
Yo mama so ugly even Jabba The Hut said "DAMN!"
Yo mama so ugly she is MJ's nose twin.
Yo mama so ugly she had to trick or treat over the phone
Yo mama so ugly she cant even have a good conversation with sumbody with letting them run away first
Yo mama so ugly she is MJ's nose twin
Yo mama so ugly she give Freddie Kruger nightmares.
Yo mama so ugly when she stepped out of my car, I got fined for littering.
Yo mama so ugly her birth certificate was an apology from the condom factory
Yo mama so ugly she made the devil go to church
Yo mama so ugly her pillow cries at night
Yo mama so ugly that when someone looks at her, they die instantly
Yo mama so ugly she looked in the mirrior and the glass cracked
Yo mama so ugly she entered the ugliest people contest and she won 1st 2nd and 3rd.
Yo mama so ugly she makes blind kids cry!
Yo mama so ugly she makes "Ugly Betty" look like a Victoria Secret Model.
Yo mama so ugly she made a curve go straight.
Yo mama so ugly she walked into the hood and scared the black off one of my home boys.
Yo mama so ugly when people see her face they say "Hey,lady!It ain't Halloween yet!"
Yo mama so ugly she has to apply her makeup with a chainsaw
Yo mama so ugly when she looked at the mirror, EVERY MIRROR IN THE WORLD BROKE!
Yo mama so ugly when she fell off the ugly tree, she hit every ugly branch on the way down!!
Yo mama so ugly a pitbull wouldn't bite her.
Yo mama so ugly when reaches in her pockets money scatter like roaches
Yo mama teeth so ugly they be throw in up gang signs in each direction.
Yo mama so ugly that the pictures of her on the wall try to run away from themselves
Yo mama so ugly she invented blind dates.
Yo mama so ugly when she was born the doctor slapped her parents
Yo mama so ugly she gets 364 days to dress up for halloween
Yo mama so ugly she scared the shit out of the tollet.
Yo mama so ugly when she looks in the mirror Bloody Mary goes away
Yo mama so ugly Shaggy asked Scooby if he would get near her for Scooby Snacks and he said "Hell No".
Yo mama so ugly she made Ray Charles flinch
Yo mama so ugly that she gets checks from Jerry's Kids
Yo mama so ugly at thanksgiving dinner the turkey got up and left.
Yo mama so ugly she didn't just get hit by the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole DAMN TREE!!!
Yo mama so ugly that they had to creamate her remains.
Yo mama so ugly they passed the law that she can only do online shopping.
Yo mama so ugly she jokingly asked the magic mirror who's the prettiest of them all and it replied "Not you, bitch"
Yo mama so ugly that the Statue of Liberty laughed at her
Yo mama so ugly Xbox Kinect rejected her.
Yo mama so ugly shes the reason cars have a reverse gear
Yo mama so ugly she recieved facial reconstruction for free
Yo mama so ugly by the time she was born the doctor took one look and threw her in the trash.
Yo mama so ugly she took christmas pictures and they refuse to print or load
Yo mama so ugly that everytime she walks she gets charged for murder
Yo mama so ugly when it rain and she go outside she still be dry.
Yo mama so ugly she killed her shadow.
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Yo mama so Ugly that the mirror, mirror on the wall said she was the ugliest of them all. (then he cracked)
Yo mama so ugly not even gold fish crackers smile back.
Yo mama so ugly she does not have to pay the rent because the landlord always walks away
Yo mama so ugly when she cries tears roll down her head backward to avoid her face
Yo mama so ugly I once heard her lipstick scream
Yo mama so ugly that when she went into the bank, they asked her to PUT ON a skimask
Yo mama so ugly every time she walk down the street the streets lights turn off even at night.
Yo mama so ugly that when she went to god he said he didn't create her
Yo mama so ugly she went to a stop sign and it said go
Yo mama is ugly the that the news people try to report on her and she broke the camera
Yo mama so ugly she went to Taco Bell and every buddy ran for the border.
Yo mama so ugly her own dog can't stand to look at her
Yo mama so ugly she couldn't find a priest to officiate her wedding.
Yo mama is so ugly she was on the cover of Ripley's Believe It Or Not as "The Most Terrifying Creature To Date."
Yo mama so ugly she answered the age old question "If looks could kill?"
Yo mama so ugly when she went to counter at Macy's the lady said there is not enough make up in the world.
Yo mama so ugly she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't come back
Yo mama so ugly she made a happy meal, frown
Yo mama so ugly even homeless people won't take her money!
Yo mama so ugly when see looked at the ocean it threw-up seaweed.
Yo mama so ugly when she walked past I thought she was Susan Boyle.
Yo mama so ugly Moses regretted not adding an 11th commandment "Thou shall not look at Your mother"
Yo mama so ugly she walked up to a cat and gave it a heartattack
Yo mama so ugly she went into the house of mirrors and it burned down.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she went to the zoo, the zookeeper said "go back in yo cage".
